release: v1.60.0 (#6647)
apollographql/router: .changesets/fix_tninesling_demand_control_perf.md

> ### Demand control lookup optimizations ([PR #6450](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/6450))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Optimize demand control lookup ([PR #6450](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/6450))
```

> Demand Control can reduce router throughput due to the extra processing required for scoring. This change shifts more data to be computed at plugin initialization and consolidates lookup queries.
> 
> - Cost directives for arguments are now stored in a map alongside those for field definitions
> - All precomputed directives are bundled into a struct for each field, along with that field's extended schema type. This reduces 5 individual lookups to a single lookup.
> - Response scoring was looking up each field's definition twice. This is now reduced to a single lookup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The performance of demand control in the router has been optimized. 

Previously, demand control could reduce router throughput due to its extra processing required for scoring. 

This fix improves performance by shifting more data to be computed at plugin initialization and consolidating lookup queries:

- Cost directives for arguments are now stored in a map alongside those for field definitions
- All precomputed directives are bundled into a struct for each field, along with that field's extended schema type. This reduces 5 individual lookups to a single lookup.
- Response scoring was looking up each field's definition twice. This is now reduced to a single lookup.
```
